{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19780\viewh3620\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 2.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf2 Groupthink can be detrimental to group functioning because it creates illusions of invulnerability where members assume that the team is too good for criticism or beyond attack. Also members refuse to accept contradictory data or consider alternative. Members can also act as though the group is inherently right and above reproach and refuse to look realistically at other groups.  They also refuse to tolerate anyone who suggest the team my be wrong and also refuse to communicate persona concerns to the team as a whole. Members tend to accept consensus prematurely, without testing completeness.
\b \
\
\
\
\
2. 
\b0 (TCO C) Think of an unethical behavior that is occurring or has occurred in an organization with which you are familiar. Specifically define and then describe how you could use 
\b \ul all four
\b0 \ulnone  operant conditioning principles of Reinforcement Theory to shift the emphasis among the firm's employees toward ethical behavior and away from unethical behavior. (Points : 40)\
\
Positive reinforcement:is the administration of positive consequences that tend to increase the likelihood of a person\'92s repeating a behavior in similar settings. Positive reinforcement should be contingent and immediate, and it can be scheduled continuously or intermittently depending on resources and desired outcomes.\
\
Negative reinforcement, avoidance learning, is used to encourage desirable behavior through the withdrawal of negative consequences for previously undesirable behavior.\
\
\
Punishment is the administration of negative consequences or the withdrawal of positive consequences, both of which tend to reduce the likelihood of repeating an undesirable behavior in similar settings.\
\
Extinction is the withdrawal of reinforcing consequences for a given behavior.\
\
Lets use Coming to work late on a daily basis as an example of unethical behavior.  I could use positive reinforcement to acknowledge all the people who have come into work on time every day.  This will show to people who are coming to work late that if they came in early they would also be acknowledged.\
\
Using the negative reinforcement approach, I could nag and call in the employee who comes into work late every day. Eventually the employee is gonna come into work on time because they do not want to hear me lecture them every day.\
\
Using punishment, If an employee came into work late more than 3 days in a row, I would send them home without pay for a couple of days. This punishment would ensure that they do not repeat the same behavior.\
\
In extinction example, let say that an employee's friend are always covering for them when they are late. I would then ask her friends to stop covering for her. This is a use of extinction to try and get rid of an undesirable behavior.\

\b \
\
3.\
A \'93telling\'94 style (S1) is best for low follower readiness (R1). The direction provided by this style defines roles for people who are unable and unwill- ing to take responsibility themselves; it eliminates any insecurity about the task that must be done.\
\

\b0 Sue does general mechanical work and does it well but is just very new to the job
\b \
\
A \'93selling\'94 style (S2) is best for low-to-moderate follower readiness (R2).\
This style offers both task direction and support for people who are unable but willing to take task responsibility; it involves combining a directive ap- proach with explanation and reinforcement in order to maintain enthusiasm.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf4 \cb1 LaMont enjoys working on sports cars and is getting to be quite expert at operating the electronic diagnostic machines but he has a confidence barrier whenever presented with a new machine.
\b \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
A \'93participating\'94 style (S3) is best for moderate-to-high follower readiness (R3).\
Able but unwilling followers require supportive behavior in order to increase their motivation; by allowing followers to share in decision making, this style helps enhance the desire to perform a task.\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf4 \cb1 Kirk has good skills, but isn\'92t always interested in learning new things.
\b \cf2 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \
A \'93delegating\'94 style (S4) is best for high readiness (R4). This style provides little in terms of direction and support for the task at hand; it allows able and will- ing followers to take responsibility for what needs to be done.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf2 Ron and Dave are the oldest mechanics, and they are the easiest to supervise. When Mike assigns them work (mostly high-precision, specialist jobs), they do it very quickly and hardly ever make a mistake.\
\
\
Mike's leadership style falls mostly under the delegating and participating style.  Depending on the type of work that comes, he delegates it to one of his 5 employees.  For example if there needs to be work done on a sports car, Mike will delegate the work to LaMont and if a car needs specialized work Mike will delegate it to Ron or Dave.  Mike also spends most of his time working along side his employees and instead of telling them what to do he makes suggestions and shows them how he would have done the work.  "He almost never tells someone to do something in a directive way. Instead, he suggests various ways to deal with a problem, or he shows how he would handle it"  He is also genuinely interested in his employee's suggestions and allows them to participate in decision making process of the mechanic shop.
\b \
\
\
\
\
\
\
4. 
\b0 (TCOs A & B) Ralph Jefferson has just been promoted to his first position as a manager in your firm, We Make Widgets, Inc. Having come from a production background and having worked for a micro-manager, Ralph is all too familiar with the control function of management. As Ralph\'92s new boss, please identify, define, and give him an illustrative example of the three other basic functions of management. (Points : 30)\
\
Planning: Consists of defining goals, setting specific performance objectives, and identifying the actions needed to achieve them.\
Ex. During the planning stage, you want to choose a goal that is attainable like increasing production of widgets by 20%. Also, you want to research what is needed to make the goal happen.\
Organizing: Consists of creating work structures and systems, and arranging resources to accomplish goals and objectives.\
Ex. After you have researched how you can increase production of widgets by 20%,  you want to create a structure , get the right resources, for example, maybe you need to hire more people or by more equipment. This is where you organize what you have planned to make it happen.\
Leading: Consists of instilling enthusiasm by communicating with others, motivating them to work hard, and maintaining good interpersonal relations.\
This stage is crucial as you want to motivate your employees to work harder. you want to encourage them to make your plan possible. Also, some employees may not be so happy that they have to work harder so you want to be open to them and welcome them to voice their opinions.
\b \
\
5.\
\
\
\
Communication Channel\

\b0 Lack of communication is the biggest problem in this scencario.   Even though Tommy had communicated to Sally about his project, Sally failed to let the rest of the company or even Billy know that Tommy is working on the same projects. Upward communication is as important as downward communication in this scenario.
\b \
\
Status Differences\

\b0 This creates potential communication barriers between persons of higher and lower ranks. Mangers are included to do a lot of "telling" but not much "listening.  In this case Billy should not have said "Sally, are you aware that I'm a Senior Manager? As I recall, you still have another year at the junior management level. I think you'll find that my outside developer has tended to the issue and it is resolved. Thank you for your concern." This creates friction and lack of communication in the feature between the two. In the end it does not really matter who gets the job done as long as the end result is good and communication between the two departments are open. \
\
It seems that both Billy and Sally are power hungry and want to one up each other in every email. This is not good communication behavior and respect should be won based on status but it should be won based on character.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf4 \cb1 Emotional Conflict \
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf4 Emotional conflict involves interpersonal difficulties that arise over feelings of anger, mistrust, dislike, fear, resentment, and the like. This email was filled with emotional conflict.\
   The emails from Tommy, Billy and Sally were filled with emotions and how they did not like each other's responses.  First, we need take emotions out of the equation. Because it is emotions that lead to mis communication or lack there of. Tommy should not be upset that his software did not get chosen for work. After all, he completed his responsibility of delivering the software. Now whether the company choose to use it or not is not Tommy's decision. \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf2 \cb3 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b \cf2 Negotiating\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b0 \cf2 Now Tommy feels that all his work went towards nothing. This is because of lack of communication upward and downward.  He also feels like that he knows the system best and that a third party outsourced person does not know what he knows.  A best way to accommodate both Billy's desires of hiring a outside developer and incorporating Tommy's knowledge is to make Tommy the lead of the project where he can have input of what people like or don't like out of the software. This will allow Tommy to express his vision and also allow Billy to outsource the development. It also creates a sense  of collaboration and unity between department where everything is going to be a win-win scenario..
\b \
\
\
6. 
\b0 (TCO D) Identify the 
\b \ul five\ulnone  
\b0 stages of team development, and explain what happens at each stage. Give a specific example from your own experience to highlight 
\b \ul one
\b0 \ulnone  of the stages. (Points : 20)
\f1\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Forming Stage:  In the forming stage of team development, a primary concern is the initial entry of members to a group.  Members are interested in getting to know each other and discovering what is considered acceptable behavior, in determining the real task of the team and in defining group rules.\
\
Storming Stage: The storming state of team development is a period of high emotionality and tension among the group members.  During this state, hostility and infighting may occur and the team typically experiences many changes. Cliques may form as individuals compete to impose their preferences on the grow and achieve a desired position. Individuals also begin to understand one another's interpersonal styles and efforts are made to fine ways to accomplish team goals while also satisfying individual needs.\
\
Norming Stage: Is the point at which the members really cart to come together as a coordinated unit. Members experience a sense of closeness and harmony and start working together.\
\
Performing Stage:  Marks the emergence of a mature, organized and well functioning team. Team members are now able to deal with complexx tasks and handle internal disagreements in creative ways. Members are motivated by team gold and are generally satisfied.\
\
Adjourning Stage:  This stage is important for many temporary teams such as tasks forces and project teams. The members much be able to convene quickly, do their jobs on a tight schedule and then adjourn.  The willingness to disband when the job is done and to work well together in the future teams is an important long-term test of team success.\
\
I have worked with peers in groups in one class and worked well together during a project. Once the project was done we disbanded and moved on to other classes. In the near future we've met again in a different class where we worked on different projects.  The Adjourning stage allowed us to be able to work together on small projects in a long term period.}