{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red109\green109\blue109;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trcbpat3 \trwWidth15680\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15560\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 1. 
\b0\fs26 (TCO A) \cb3 How have\'a0customers' expectations of their sales rep and their role in the 21st century changed from those\'a0customer expectations of\'a030-40 years ago?\'a0\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
Most salespeople now use customer relationship systems also known as sales force automation programs to assist them in managing their salespeople. Customers are also using new technologies, such as Internet to assist them in gathering information and making purchasing decision. Today's customers demand high quality and greater level of service.\
Thus companies (sales people) are forced to become more market oriented and more responsive to the customer.  \
\
The role of a salesperson today is a professional who is as much a marketing consultant as a sales person. The sales people are engaged in consultative relationships with their customers. They are expected to solve customer problems, not just sell products. Their focus is on building long-term relationships whit their customer. In some cases, companies use selling teams to attend to their customer and not just a sales person.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs22 \cf0 2. 
\b0\fs26 (TCO A) What are some ways in which sales managers can empower their salespeople?\
\
The manager should become more of a team leader and collaborate with their salesperson rather than controlling them. Also in relationship marketing, sales people do more than simply sell their products to customers, they so help solve problems. They can only do this if they have the skills, responsibility, and authority to make decisions and take action. Thus, managers much encourage and empower and reward their salespeople for taking initiative and using creative solutions to solve customer problems. Further, managers must foster an environment in which salespeople do not fear losing their jobs if they make a mistake.\
\

\b\fs22 3. 
\b0\fs26 (TCO B)\'a0\'a0\'a0 Beth is a sales manager for Johnson Controls.\'a0 A former sales rep\'a0who sold for Johnson Controls\'a0eight\'a0years left the company (in good graces) in 2007.\'a0\'a0 That same sales rep, surprisingly, applied to fill a recent sales vacancy in Beth's organization. Why would a company be willing to rehire someone who had earlier left the firm?
\fs22  (Points : 20)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs26 \cf0 First she left on good terms so its not like she was fired because of poor performance. Also, one big advantage is that the sales person is acquitted with the product. Also, they have been indoctrinated in company policies and programs. Their  values fit with the company culture. Also, since they have worked for the company in the past , they are less  costly to train (if needed).  It can also boost the morale of other employees knowing the the company is loyal to there previous employees.  People in the company can vouch for her and her performance at the company before they left is an excellent source of gauging what they can bring now.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs22 \cf0 4. 
\b0\fs26 (TCO B) You must choose between two sales recruits. One has scored very in high in terms of the quality of his interview, but not very well on the series of psychological tests to predict qualities the firm thinks are necessary for success. Another person did well on the psychological testing, but not very well in the personal interview. All other things being equal, which one would you hire and why?
\fs22  (Points : 20)\
\
I would hire the one who scored high in the psychological test. Because physiological testing is the best good for predicting job performance especially if you're hiring an experienced sales person. The psychological test also covers four areas which are mental intelligence, aptitudes, interests, and personality. It allows the hiring mangers to see if this person can handle pressure  or is a good problem solver or can be creative with solutions. \
\

\b 6. 
\b0\fs26 (TCO C) "I don't have any training program. I just hire salespeople who have already proven successful for other companies and turn them loose. I let the big corporations do all my training for me and then just hire away their best people." This was the attitude expressed by the sales manager of one relatively small office machines agency. Is this a sound policy? What are some of the strengths and weaknesses of this position?
\fs22  (Points : 20)\
\
I don't think this is an overall sound policy and here is why.\
This isn't a overall sound policy.\
Some strengths of this policy is that the company does not have to pay (time and money) to train its sales people. Also, since they sales people have been trained by top corporations their level of knowledge can be higher than others.\
Some weaknesses can be that just because these sales people are trained well, they can perform well everywhere. Personality traits and culture differences can pose a huge threat to the overall health of the organization. Also knowledge of the product is limited as hiring a successful sales person that sells rocket ships may not sound promising when they are asked to sell women underwear. Thus there an still be a learning curve and employee buyin\
\
There are more weaknesses to this ideology than strengths. Companies should hire sales people that are tailored to their needs.\
\
\

\b 7. 
\b0\fs26 (TCO D) a.\'a0 Working with customers and those within their own company's organization, describe\'a0several "roles" that a sales rep is likely to play.\
b. List several different role partners with whom sales reps are typically involved.\
\
The sales person needs to be the marketing coordinator , manager and sometimes the analyst to preview results. Because the work environment has become more dynamic a sales person's job is no longer just selling. They are a representative of the company.\
\
Also the sales person has two bosses. Their manager and their customer and has to perform differently based on each standard. Given that the sales person wears many hat in the company, this can lead to role conflict and can also frustrate the sales person.
\fs22 \
\
8. (TCO D) What specific leader behaviors (from the two leadership styles) would you use in the following situations? Why?\
a. Terry is one of your best sales representatives. She has eight years of experience and has proven her abilities many times.\
b. Diane graduated with a marketing degree within the past year, but she has limited sales experience.\
c. John is a veteran employee. In recent months, however, you notice his performance stagnating. (Points : 20)\
\
a. Transformational Leadership - Transformational leadership transforms the basic values, beliefs, and attitudes of followers such that they are willing to perform at levels above and beyond expectations. Terry has proven her abilities many times. She is invoking meaningful difference in the company. She doesn't need to be monitored and just needs to be motivate to the next level\
b. Transactional Leadership - Since Diane is a newbie in the industry she will need a lot of guidance and day to day supervision. She should be monitored and I would check in on here to make sure she is on the right track.\
\
\

\b 9. 
\b0\fs26 (TCO E) What might be some of the difficulties of letting salespeople develop their own goals, i.e., quotas, for their sales volume?
\fs22  (Points : 20)\
\
Two primary factors that fall in a sales persons goals are whether it can be controlled by the sales person and ca the company measure it. The salesperson needs to specifically decide what is intended to accomplish. It is not enough to come in and get a days work and attract new people.  For example, Increase profits by 10% or Improve customer satisfaction, or increase volume of existing accounts.\
\
The problem with allowing salespeople develop their own goals is that if they are not a straight salary program they will most likely pick goals that are not very challenging so they can achieve them. Actually, this can be applied to both commission based and bonus based compensations.\
Also, the goals they set may not be aligned with company goals or may not be tangible. \
\

\b 10. 
\b0\fs26 (TCO E) What factors should management consider when deciding on the method to use for controlling and reimbursing sales reps' expenses? Give some examples of how each factor might influence the decision.
\fs22  (Points : 20)\
\
No Net Gain or Loss of the Reps: 
\f1\fs28 \cb1 The expense plan should be designed so that employees neither profit nor lose. A sales rep should net the same income working on the road as at home.  The reimbursement should not be so little that the person traveling has to pay out of pocket an not so high that they can profit from the expense.\
\
Equitable Treatment of the Reps: Sales reps should be able to maintain approximately the same standard of living on the road as at home. They should not have to sacrifice comfort to stay within expense limits. To ensure equitable treatment, sales managers should recognize differences in travel expenses among the different territories. Costs may be higher in an Atlantic Seaboard territory than in the Great Plains, for example.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sb240
\cf0 No Curtailment of Beneficial Activities: A good expense plan should not hamper the performance of selling duties, nor should it curtail activities beneficial to the company. A plan that attempts to set selling expenses as a percentage of sales may discourage a rep from developing a new territory. If all expenses are limited to 1 percent of sales, for instance, no one would be eager to go into new territories, where expenses often are abnormally high in relation to early volume.\
Minimal Detail and Administrative Expense: Clerical and administrative expenses should be minimized. Often, expense reports either require too much unnecessary detail or duplicate information requested elsewhere.\
Clarity: A good expense plan should be clear enough to prevent misunderstandings between management and the sales force. One way for managers to reach this goal is to consult the sales force when establishing or revising an expense-control plan. Management should explain the plan to the sales force in detail and in writing before putting it into effect. The plan should be especially clear about the timing of reimbursement. \
}