{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11840\viewh11500\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs22 \cf0 Introduction
\b0 \
The eReader is a line of portable tablet computers designed, developed and marketed by LibraTech. This version has exciting features which are flip-page technology and fabulous full color that allows the reader to read any type of book easily from a novel to travel book in the same detail they would find in print version.  So one may use this device to access books, periodicals, magazines and web content. Like many devices today, the eReader is controlled by a multi touch display and on screen keyboard which allows users to search for books and magazines. The eReader uses Wi-Fi connection to access the internet. You can also gain 4G connectivity with any provider as the eReader is service agnostic. An Image is said be mean a thousand words.  We might identify with the image or be resistant to it; the image might bring about our sympathies, trigger our fears, or call forth a web of ideas, memories, and associations. One of LibraTechs purposes is to create devices that capture these images that urge us to believe ideas, buy things, go places, and feel as if we are right there in the book we read.\
\

\b Product Naming Strategy\
\

\b0 Product names is crucial to their success. Moreover, the product naming strategy is the discipline of deciding what a product will be called, and is very similar in concept and approach to the process of deciding on a name for a company or organization. Product naming is considered a critical part of the branding process. In addition, product naming involves the application of creative strategies and results in a brand name that becomes a products identity. Coming up with the correct name and the process to get there can take months to complete. However, to achieve the desired result, some key steps to take are specifying the objectives of the branding, developing he product name, evaluating the names through target makert testing and focus groupos, choosing a product name and lastly trademarking the name for protection. After messing with some names and researching the name, I wanted to come up with a name that is not nerdy, but it is catchy and can sound cool. When thinking of the competition, their names aren't very directly related to book reading. I also did not want the name to sound too similar to the competition. Then one thing that came to mind was the word 
\f1\b\fs26 \cb2 Bookworm 
\b0 which is defined by someone who likes to read alot and enjoys reading. I think its a catchy word and sounds cool. It also sounds fun. I also believe that the name can attract the younger crowd more. We can have a cool worm be the mascot. I can just hear people saying, "hey did you get the Bookworm.." or "why don't you Bookworm it".  If you like reading a lot, then you need to be a "Bookworm". With proper advertising, everyone will want a Bookworm.\
\

\b Market Analysis\
\

\b0 	Every since the launch of kindle, iPad and Nook, electronic readers have become one of the most popular devices in consumer electronics. People are demanding for better e-readers and suppliers are constantly trying new ways to make their e-reader better than the competition. 
\f0\fs22 \cb1 However, the talk is of drastic price erosion, competition from the Apple iPad, Amazon Kindle, and the overall sustainability of standalone e-reader shipment growth. In response to the iPad introduction, e-reader dropped price points in an effort to differentiate e-readers from the iPad and other multimedia tablet PCs. There is even e-readers below $100 dollars now. Moreover, the lines between e-reader, portable tablets and PCs are slowly starting to blur, but that bring an opportunity.\
\
	Despite the potential impact that the tablet PC market may have on the standalone e-reader market, e-reader shipments will grow from 12 million units by the end of this year, to 35 million in 2014. "Tablet PC shipments are taking off, fueled in particular by the Apple iPad introduction. Nevertheless, there will still be a revenue opportunity for e-reader suppliers and OEMs since tablet PCs and e-readers target different consumers," says Stephanie Ethier, Senior Analyst, In-Stat. "Standalone e-readers will address the needs of avid readers, to whom the reading experience is central. Tablets are better suited for consumers who prefer a stronger multimedia experience, and only light reading." \
\

\b Competition Analysis\
\

\b0 We all know that competition is a healthy form of keeping each other on our toes. Competition allows the weaker to strengthen their business and allows the strong to not get lazy. Thus we will capitalize on our strengths and work on our weaknesses. The key to our success is to learn from the mistakes our competitors have made. By studying our competitions we can determine what makes our product unique. Futhermore it will allows us to identify opportunities for our business in the market. In addition, before the start of our analysis we mush identify our key competitors. Our biggest direct competitor is the Amazon Kindle and our second competitor would be the Apple iPad. Our direct competitor is one that customers may choose when they decide to purchase a product or a service. Indirect competitors, on the other hand, are those competitors that try to win your customer's business indirectly. They reason for iPads successful launch was that it offered 3G which forced Amazon to introduce their own 3G version. Moreover, Barnes & Noble has their own e-reader called the nook and to differentiate themselves from the competition, according to wsj.com,  the company is returning to television advertising after 14 years in an attempt to market the NOOK . Moreover, Target has been selling the Kindle in some of its stores which helps Amazon reach the local markets better. Also,  Amazon is offering a software developers kit (SDK) for third party app developers. This SDK enables developers to create apps for the Kindle and helps Amazon compete against Apples large app eco-system. (Vranica, 2010). I'm sure Apple will try to launch the Serie on their iPads to stand out from the rest of the crowd. Although no news form them yet.\
\

\b Advertising Strategy\
\

\b0 In today's world almost every home has at least one computer. However,  if you want to read a article online you have to either go to the computer room to use the house PC, or bring the lab top to where ever you are.  Also, laptops get annoying after a while and leaving them on the coffee table looks ugly. In addition, people hate the clutter and the extra room that books and magazines take.  The Bookworm is an option for those that hate either of the above. The Bookworm is a great device that you can keep on your coffee table or carry with you that does not create clutter or take much room. Its like having 1000s of books an magazines in a couple of inches of tablet and having access to them whenever and wherever. Bookworm is a hybrid of the Kindle and the iPad. It has the look of a book with amazing resolution that people will enjoy and be entertained to look at.  The iPad is more of a computer, where the Kindle is more of a electronic book. The Bookworm is between. We are making a device thats tailored to those people who dont actually need a computer but want something to fit their reading needs, with access to the internet as needed. The price point will also be around $325 where it is the range between Kindle and iPad. The key to sell this device is he flip page technology alongside the full color display that allows you to view magazines.\
\

\b Consumer Behavior\
\

\b0 According to the 2007 A.P Survey one in four people in the united stated did not read a single book in the past year. The remainder of the population read only seven per year.  The Bookworm is not going to make a reader out of a nonreader. We can not make everyone into a book reader, but we can be confident that people like to read magazines and having popular magazines such as fashion and sports magazines will attract the crown do purchase the product. \
\

\b Overall Strategy\
\

\b0 In order to have a successful marketing strategy, we have to actually get the product in peoples hands and in their faces. Partnering with big changes such as Best Buy or Sears to have our product on display will create buzz and allow people to capability of our product. We also should host our ads on magazines that we support on our device. Raising awareness is crucial and can gain us immediate response.\
\
\
\

\b Advertising Message\
\

\b0 The key is to have a sense of cool ness with our product and separate our product from our competition. We have to be creative in differentiation. If we want to steal market share we must do what the competition is not doing or is too afraid to do. We have to be sure that we are not marketing our product as a  handheld computer, and we must remind consumers of that. We want to change how people read. We are when reading comes to life, and we cant forget that.  We need to reach the consumers through three mediums. One is Television, where we show our product as the coffee table tablet where you can take anywhere and enjoy reading popular magazines such as Cosmo or Sports Illustrated.  Through magazines that we support, we should put our add not their and the magazine stating they their consumers can enjoy the articles through Bookworm.  We should also do funny youtube videos that attract the viral audience and allows the videos to be shared in social media. This can get us to be viral. Some of the pros of our advertising campaign are: We are able to reach more customers through web ads and commercials We are mocking campaigns related to successful competition products, so we should expect close to the same results. We are able to reach our target market We are able to possibly steal competition The cons of our Advertising Campaign are: We are missing out on other markets by not taking advantage of other forms of media We are creating a product in a new market where the competition dominates Although there are cons to our Advertising Campaign, the good outweighs the bad.By understanding our market, knowing our target market, and having an understanding of our competition we will set ourselves up for a successful release of LibraTechs Bookworm.\
 \
\
References \
Ethier, S. (2010, Septemebr 14). Despite potential threat from tablet devices, ereader unit shipments to reach 35 million by 2014, says in-stat. Retrieved from http://iphone.sys-con.com/node/1530877/mobile Gunnison, L. (2008, August 5). Kindle .. or is it just kindling?. Retrieved from http://www.wired.com/culture/lifestyle/news/2008/08/portfolio_0805 Reyman, R. (n.d.). Elements of a successful advertising campaign. Retrieved from http://www.powerhomebiz.com/vol7/rossreyman.htm Vranica, S. (2010, April 22). Barnes & noble returns to tv to tout nook. Retrieved from http://online.wsj.com/article/SB100014240527487034040045751983003330396 16.html?mod=WSJ_hpp_sections_business}