{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The degree of which population growth is in each region\
Employment growth/Unemployement growth\
\
Population\
Employment\
Income	\
\
analytics of numbers from date of start-todate.\
\
explain current company. existing company. \
looking for expansion.  what are we expanding at first.\
\

\b Marketing Strategy
\b0 \
\
Talk about expansion of site -  \
\
One minute finance is existing, this is a great idea.. within the next few years we would like to expand to one minute beauty\
\
5 year plan  - what is the expansion plan - one minute beauty, one minute style. \
\
One minute finance can be intimidated for woman.  Woman are a great  candidate for sites that are intimidated by finance.\
\
\
DISTINCTION\
This is an existing comapy. \
our appeal is to expand to services to a bigger demographic and launch more sites , one minute beauty and style.\
\
SURVEY\
design survey\
sample size\
blind survey\
conducting survey sample size.\
user responses fro blogsite of why u don't use yahoo or msn.. and why would u use onminutefinance.\
\
\
\
\
\
Within time we are going to expand the survey and scientifically we need to survey 1000 of sample size.\
\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 DIFFERENCE\
what exactly separate us from other sites competition is because financial term and we have a good brand name. MARKET THE BRAND\
\
EXIST Strategy\
Establish a value of acquisition or are we going private\
\
What are roles of the website.. content wise.  One minute videos for people who don't like ready or can't read.\
\
\
SWOT\
	Strength: Simple written or video summary\
		One minute finance channel.\
\
who is the specific market we are targeting to.   not just age.. but profession. and demographic}