{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 chap 1\
	- purpose of a database\
	- duplication data, redudancy data\
	- self describing databases\
		- what does a self describing have? meta data\
	- database design solutions\
	- relational database over traditional databases.\
\
chap 3\
	- different terminology\
		- entities, attributes, etc\'85 identifiers, cardinalities. what is a relation.\
	- know what are the candidates\
		- candidate keys, primary keys, alternate keys. surrogate key vs natural key\
	- normalization\
	- boyscot\
chapt 4\
	- advantages and disadvantages of normalization\
chap 5\
	- modelings - not too much.\
	- know the main element of modelings (chap 3)\
	- entity class\
	- degree of relationship (binary, ternary)\
	- entity and table\
	- id dependent (solid line)\
	- id non dependent ( dotted line)\
	- supertypes and subtypes\
	- exclusice and inclusive.\
chap 6.\
	- steps of the design process.\
	- 
\b Create a structurally sound relational database schema\
		-
\b0  create the design. what are the pk, fk, unique, \
	- know how to represent relationships 1:1 1:N N:M\
		1:1 - Unique goes to the foreign key of the child (slide, \
chap 7\
	- Two categories - DDL -  Definition Language -create, alter, drop\
		- DML - manipute language - insert, update, delete, select\
 \
	 5 constraint\
		- pk, fk, unique, not null, check\
	- triggers and stored procedures\
chap 8\
	- correlated query, and a \
	- correlated subquery. - takes a table throws it into memory and does a check against the anomalies. Its a way of finding the anomalies.\
	- a change in the database after there is data in it.	\
chap 9. \
	managing multiuser db.\
	tasks the a multidb user has a processing responsibilities\
	- atomic tranasctions, interleading, \
	- what a lost update is. (concurrent update)\
	- resource lockings.\
		- implicit, explicit, exclusinve, shared, optimistic, pessimitic (slides)\
	- what are deadlocks - when two people are going after the same resources\
	- what is cursor\
	- recovering techniques, - rollback , \
		- roll forward, last time we did a check on it on everything in the transaction log.\
	- transaction log\
chap 13\
	- what is business intelligence\
	- what a data warehouse\
	- what is a data mart - subset of a data warehouse\
	- problems with the operational data that we have and how we can cleans it.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 	- know RFM}