{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 PalatinoLinotype-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs20 \cf0 Exam\
Name___________________________________\
 
\b MULTIPLE CHOICE.  Choose the one alternative that best completes the statement or answers the question. 
\b0 1) \uc0\u8232 The six important business objectives of information technology are new products, services, and business models; customer and supplier intimacy; survival; competitive advantage; operational excellence; and: \u8232 1) \u8232 _______ A) \u8232 improved decision making. \u8232 B) \u8232 improved business practices. C) \u8232 improved efficiency. \u8232 D) \u8232 improved flexibility.  2) \u8232 Which of the following choices may lead to competitive advantage (1) new products, services, and business models; (2) charging less for superior products; (3) responding to customers in real time? \u8232 2) \u8232 _______ A) \u8232 1 only \u8232 B) \u8232 1 and 2 C) \u8232 2 and 3 \u8232 D) \u8232 1, 2, and 3  3) \u8232 An information system can be defined technically as a set of interrelated components that collect (or retrieve), process, store, and distribute information to support: \u8232 3) \u8232 _______ A) \u8232 decision making and control in an organization. B) \u8232 the creation of new products and services. C) \u8232 communications and data flow. D) \u8232 managers analyzing the organization's raw data.  4) \u8232 The three activities in an information system that produce the information organizations use to control operations are: \u8232 4) \u8232 _______ A) \u8232 information retrieval, research, and analysis. B) \u8232 input, processing, and output. C) \u8232 input, output, and feedback. D) \u8232 data analysis, processing, and feedback.  5) \u8232 The average number of tickets sold daily online is an example of: \u8232 5) \u8232 _______ A) \u8232 input. \u8232 B) \u8232 raw data. C) \u8232 output. \u8232 D) \u8232 meaningful information.  6) \u8232 In a hierarchical organization, the upper levels consist of: \u8232 6) \u8232 _______ A) \u8232 professional and operational employees. B) \u8232 managerial, professional, and operational employees. C) \u8232 managerial and professional employees. D) \u8232 managerial, professional, and technical employees.  7) \u8232 Data management technology consists of: \u8232 7) \u8232 _______ A) \u8232 the detailed, preprogrammed instructions that control and coordinate the computer hardware components in an information system. B) \u8232 the physical hardware and media used by an organization for storing data. C) \u8232 the software governing the organization of data on physical storage media. D) \u8232 the hardware and software used to transfer data.  8) \u8232 Based on the examples in the chapter, if you were asked to formulate a plan for a regional drive
\f1 -
\f0 in restaurant chain's efforts to use information technology to attract customers, what would be the best use of information technology from the list below: \uc0\u8232 8) \u8232 _______ A) \u8232 Use IT to create new products and business models. B) \u8232 Use IT to increase supplier loyalty. C) \u8232 Use IT to increase operational efficiency. D) \u8232 Use IT to achieve customer intimacy. E) \u8232 Use IT to help survive government reporting requirements.  9) \u8232 Toyota Motor Europe's vehicle orders management system allows it to improve efficiency by basing vehicle production on: \u8232 9) \u8232 _______ A) \u8232 actual customer orders. B) \u8232 superior forecasts of regional demand. C) \u8232 improved decision making. D) \u8232 customer preferences.  10) \u8232 From a business perspective, raw data is transformed systematically during various stages, transforming it into valuable information, in a process called: \u8232 10) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 feedback. \u8232 B) \u8232 information processing. C) \u8232 the IT value chain. \u8232 D) \u8232 the information value chain.  11) \u8232 An example of an organizational complementary asset is: \u8232 11) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 laws and regulations. B) \u8232 using the appropriate business model. C) \u8232 as collaborative work environment. D) \u8232 all of the above.  12) \u8232 Disciplines that contribute to the technical approach to information systems are: \u8232 12) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 operations research, management science, and computer science. B) \u8232 computer science, engineering, and networking. C) \u8232 engineering, utilization management, and computer science. D) \u8232 management science, computer science, and engineering.  13) \u8232 The discipline that focuses on mathematical techniques for optimizing parameters of organizations, such as transportation and inventory control is: \u8232 13) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 operations research. \u8232 B) \u8232 utilization management. C) \u8232 management science. \u8232 D) \u8232 MIS.  14) \u8232 A firm that must invest in new information systems capabilities in order to comply with federal legislation can be said to be investing to achieve which business objective? \u8232 14) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Improved reporting \u8232 B) \u8232 Operational excellence C) \u8232 Survival \u8232 D) \u8232 Customer intimacy  15) \u8232 The three principle levels within a business organization hierarchy are: \u8232 15) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 senior management, middle management, and operational management. B) \u8232 senior management, operational management, and information systems. C) \u8232 senior management, operational management, and service workers. D) \u8232 senior management, middle management, and service workers.  16) \u8232 A managerial element in the UPS tracking system described in the chapter is: \u8232 16) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 the decision to use automation. B) \u8232 taking inventory. C) \u8232 in
\f1 -
\f0 house package tracking software. D) \uc0\u8232 providing package status reports to customers.  17) \u8232 Kia's difficulties in getting a complete picture of defects in their cars illustrates: \u8232 17) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 the challenges posed by having multiple information systems that are not linked. B) \u8232 the compromises made in drawing accurate reports from poorly planned information systems. C) \u8232 the difficulties in complying with government regulations. D) \u8232 the difficulties in creating accurate tracking systems.  18) \u8232 How would you best categorize the types of systems Kia implemented in their defect early warning system? \u8232 18) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 A TPS to store basic data about vehicles, parts, sales, and warranties, and a DSS for high
\f1 -
\f0 level analysis and forecasts B) \uc0\u8232 An MIS to create reports from existing TPSs and a DSS for high
\f1 -
\f0 level analysis and forecasts C) \uc0\u8232 A TPS to store basic data about vehicles, parts, sales, and warranties, and an MIS to create reports on the data D) \u8232 A production and manufacturing system to record basic data about faulty parts and a DSS for high
\f1 -
\f0 level analysis and forecasts  19) \uc0\u8232 Which of the following is a cross
\f1 -
\f0 functional business process? \uc0\u8232 19) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Creating an invoice \u8232 B) \u8232 Hiring an employee C) \u8232 Identifying a customer \u8232 D) \u8232 Fulfilling a customer order  20) \u8232 Promoting the organization's products or services is a responsibility of the: \u8232 20) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 manufacturing and production function. B) \u8232 sales and marketing function. C) \u8232 human resources function. D) \u8232 finance and accounting function.  21) \u8232 Market research is an activity associated with the: \u8232 21) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 sales and marketing function. B) \u8232 human resources function. C) \u8232 manufacturing and production function. D) \u8232 finance and accounting function.  22) \u8232 A sales and marketing information system aids middle management employees in: \u8232 22) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 tracking sales. B) \u8232 planning new products and services. C) \u8232 preparing sales forecasts. D) \u8232 analyzing sales performance.  23) \u8232 Senior management uses finance and accounting information systems to: \u8232 23) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 control the firms' financial resources. B) \u8232 decide where to locate new facilities. C) \u8232 plan long
\f1 -
\f0 term profits. D) \uc0\u8232 forecast sales trends.  24) \u8232 Budgeting is typically a feature of an information system serving: \u8232 24) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 middle management. \u8232 B) \u8232 operational management. C) \u8232 senior management. \u8232 D) \u8232 sales and marketing.  25) \u8232 Compensation analysis is an example of: \u8232 25) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 enterprise application information systems. B) \u8232 finance and accounting information systems. C) \u8232 human resources information systems. D) \u8232 sales and marketing information systems.  26) \u8232 These systems are typically a major source of data for other systems: \u8232 26) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 transaction processing systems. B) \u8232 executive support systems. C) \u8232 decision
\f1 -
\f0 support systems. D) \uc0\u8232 management information systems.  27) \u8232 Decisions that are unique, rapidly changing, and not easily specified in advance are best suited to this type of system: \u8232 27) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 transaction processing. \u8232 B) \u8232 executive support. C) \u8232 decision
\f1 -
\f0 support. \uc0\u8232 D) \u8232 management.  28) \u8232 Executive support systems are information systems that support the: \u8232 28) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 decision
\f1 -
\f0 making and administrative activities of middle managers. B) \uc0\u8232 day
\f1 -
\f0 to
\f1 -
\f0 day processes of production. C) \uc0\u8232 knowledge and data workers in an organization. D) \u8232 long
\f1 -
\f0 range planning activities of senior management.  29) \uc0\u8232 Decision
\f1 -
\f0 support systems are often referred to as: \uc0\u8232 29) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 business information systems. B) \u8232 business modeling systems. C) \u8232 business intelligence systems. D) \u8232 business analysis systems.  30) \u8232 These systems are designed to support organization
\f1 -
\f0 wide process coordination and integration. \uc0\u8232 30) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Management information systems B) \u8232 Decision
\f1 -
\f0 support systems C) \uc0\u8232 Enterprise applications D) \u8232 CRM  31) \u8232 What competitive force was the most dominant in preventing US Airways from success, as discussed in the chapter case? \u8232 31) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Suppliers B) \u8232 New market entrants C) \u8232 Traditional competitors D) \u8232 Substitute products and services  32) \u8232 How does the technical view of organizations fall short of understanding the full impacts of information systems in a firm? \u8232 32) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 It sees information systems as a way to rearrange the inputs and outputs of the organization. B) \u8232 It sees capital and labor as primary production factors. C) \u8232 It sees the organization as a social structure similar to a machine. D) \u8232 It sees the inputs and outputs, labor and capital, as being infinitely malleable.  33) \u8232 Mintzberg's classification of organizational structure categorizes the knowledge
\f1 -
\f0 based organization where goods and services depend on the expertise and knowledge of professionals as a(n): \uc0\u8232 33) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 entrepreneurial structure. \u8232 B) \u8232 adhocracy. C) \u8232 divisionalized bureaucracy. \u8232 D) \u8232 professional bureaucracy.  34) \u8232 According to 
\b agency theory
\b0 , the firm is viewed as a(n): \uc0\u8232 34) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 unified, profit
\f1 -
\f0 maximizing entity. B) \uc0\u8232 "Nexus of contracts" among self
\f1 -
\f0 interested individuals. C) \uc0\u8232 task force organization that must respond to rapidly changing environments. D) \u8232 entrepreneurial endeavor.  35) \u8232 Amazon's use of the Internet as a platform to sell books illustrates a tactical use of information services for: \u8232 35) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 low
\f1 -
\f0 cost leadership. B) \uc0\u8232 strengthening customer intimacy. C) \u8232 focusing on market niche. D) \u8232 product differentiation.  36) \u8232 You are consulting for a beverage distributor who is interested in determining the benefits it could achieve from implementing new information systems. What will you advise as the first step? \u8232 36) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Perform a strategic systems analysis. B) \u8232 Benchmark existing systems. C) \u8232 Identify the business ecosystem the distributor is in. D) \u8232 Implement a strategic transition to the new system.  37) \u8232 The ________ model is used to describe the interaction of external forces that affect an organization's strategy and ability to compete. \u8232 37) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 competitive forces \u8232 B) \u8232 competitive advantage C) \u8232 network economics \u8232 D) \u8232 demand control  38) \u8232 Wal
\f1 -
\f0 Mart's continuous replenishment system allows it to: \uc0\u8232 38) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 achieve economy of scale. B) \u8232 strengthen customer intimacy. C) \u8232 provide mass customization. D) \u8232 provide an efficient customer response system.  39) \u8232 ________ is the ability to offer individually tailored products or services using the same production resources as bulk production. \u8232 39) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Dimension customization \u8232 B) \u8232 Magnitude customization C) \u8232 Mass customization \u8232 D) \u8232 Size customization  40) \u8232 The value chain model: \u8232 40) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 sees the supply chain as the primary activity for adding value. B) \u8232 categorizes four basic strategies a firm can use to enhance its value chain. C) \u8232 categorizes five related advantages for adding value to a firm's products or services. D) \u8232 helps a firm identify points at which information technology can most effectively enhance its competitive position.  41) \u8232 The primary activities of a firm include: \u8232 41) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 procurement, inbound logistics, operations, technology, and outbound logistics. B) \u8232 inbound logistics, operations, outbound logistics, sales and marketing, and service. C) \u8232 procurement, operations, technology, sales and marketing, and services. D) \u8232 inbound logistics, operations, outbound logistics, technology, and service.  42) \u8232 Benchmarking: \u8232 42) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 allows industry participants to influence industry
\f1 -
\f0 wide standards. B) \uc0\u8232 is used to measure the speed and responsiveness of information technology. C) \u8232 compares the efficiency and effectiveness of your business processes against strict standards. D) \u8232 synchronizes the business processes of customers, suppliers, and trading partners.  43) \u8232 The most successful solutions or methods for achieving a business objective are called: \u8232 43) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 core competencies. \u8232 B) \u8232 best practices. C) \u8232 best processes. \u8232 D) \u8232 value activities.  44) \u8232 Network economics: \u8232 44) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 sees the cost of adding new members as inconsequential. B) \u8232 balances the high cost of adding new members to a community against the lower cost of using network infrastructure. C) \u8232 applies the law of diminishing returns to communities of users. D) \u8232 applies traditional economics to networked users.  45) \u8232 According to Leavitt's model of organizational resistance, the four components that must be changed in an organization in order to successfully implement a new information system are: \u8232 45) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 technology, people, culture, and structure. B) \u8232 organization, culture, management. C) \u8232 tasks, technology, people, and structure. D) \u8232 environment, organization, structure, tasks.  46) \u8232 Which of the following is \ul not\ulnone  an IT infrastructure service component? \uc0\u8232 46) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Operating system software B) \u8232 IT management services to plan and develop the infrastructure and provide project management C) \u8232 Physical facility management to manage the facilities housing physical components D) \u8232 Computing platforms to provide a coherent digital environment  47) \u8232 In a multi
\f1 -
\f0 tiered network: \uc0\u8232 47) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 the work of the entire network is balanced over several levels of servers. B) \u8232 processing is split between clients and servers. C) \u8232 the work of the entire network is centralized. D) \u8232 processing is handled by multiple, geographically remote clients.  48) \u8232 Today's nanotechnology
\f1 -
\f0 produced computer transistors are roughly equivalent in size to: \uc0\u8232 48) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 a virus. \u8232 B) \u8232 an atom. C) \u8232 a human hair. \u8232 D) \u8232 the width of a fingernail.  49) \u8232 Specifications that establish the compatibility of products and the ability to communicate in a network are called: \u8232 49) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 telecommunications standards. B) \u8232 technology standards. C) \u8232 Internet standards. D) \u8232 network standards.  50) \u8232 The multitasking, multi
\f1 -
\f0 user, operating system developed by Bell Laboratories that operates on a wide variety of computing platforms is: \uc0\u8232 50) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Unix. \u8232 B) \u8232 COBOL. \u8232 C) \u8232 Mac OS. \u8232 D) \u8232 Linux.  51) \u8232 Software that manages the resources of the computer is called: \u8232 51) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 operating system software. \u8232 B) \u8232 application software. C) \u8232 network software. \u8232 D) \u8232 data management software.  52) \u8232 A SAN is a: \u8232 52) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 service
\f1 -
\f0 oriented architecture network. B) \uc0\u8232 storage area network. C) \u8232 scalable architecture network. D) \u8232 server area network.  53) \u8232 Connecting geographically remote computers in a single network to create a "virtual supercomputer" is called: \u8232 53) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 grid computing. \u8232 B) \u8232 edge computing. C) \u8232 co
\f1 -
\f0 location. \uc0\u8232 D) \u8232 utility computing.  54) \u8232 This type of computing refers to firms off
\f1 -
\f0 loading peak requests for computing power to remote, large
\f1 -
\f0 scale data processing centers. \uc0\u8232 54) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Autonomic \u8232 B) \u8232 Edge C) \u8232 On
\f1 -
\f0 demand \uc0\u8232 D) \u8232 Grid  55) \u8232 An example of autonomic computing is: \u8232 55) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 software programmed to run on any hardware platform. B) \u8232 cell phones taking on the functions of handheld computers. C) \u8232 spyware protection software that runs and updates itself automatically. D) \u8232 programming languages that allow non
\f1 -
\f0 programmers to create custom applications.  56) \uc0\u8232 The components of edge computing are: \u8232 56) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 local client, ISP servers, corporate enterprise servers. B) \u8232 ISP servers, corporate enterprise servers, Web servers. C) \u8232 ISP servers, corporate Web servers, corporate enterprise servers. D) \u8232 local client, corporate Web servers, corporate enterprise servers.  57) \u8232 Linux is: \u8232 57) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 primarily concerned with the tasks of end users. B) \u8232 especially useful for processing numeric data. C) \u8232 an example of open
\f1 -
\f0 source software. D) \uc0\u8232 designed for specific machines and specific microprocessors.  58) \u8232 The single most urgent software priority for U.S. firms is: \u8232 58) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 integrating legacy applications with newer Web
\f1 -
\f0 based technologies into a single system. B) \uc0\u8232 replacing legacy applications with newer technologies and services. C) \u8232 integrating Internet technologies. D) \u8232 standardizing existing applications.  59) \u8232 Commercially available software that enables multiple systems to exchange data through a single software hub is called: \u8232 59) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 EAI software. \u8232 B) \u8232 WSDL services. C) \u8232 XML software. \u8232 D) \u8232 SOAP.  60) \u8232 What is the foundation technology for Web services? \u8232 60) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 SOAP \u8232 B) \u8232 HTML \u8232 C) \u8232 XML \u8232 D) \u8232 UDDI  61) \u8232 A set of self
\f1 -
\f0 contained services that communicate with each other to create a working software application is called: \uc0\u8232 61) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 SOAP. \u8232 B) \u8232 Web services. C) \u8232 SOA. \u8232 D) \u8232 EAI software.  62) \u8232 Software applications that are based on combining different online software applications are called: \u8232 62) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 integrated software. \u8232 B) \u8232 Ajax. C) \u8232 edge computing. \u8232 D) \u8232 mashups.  63) \u8232 An ASP: \u8232 63) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 uses centrally managed facilities to host and manage access to package applications delivered over networks on a subscription basis. B) \u8232 manages combinations of applications, networks, systems, storage, and security as well as providing Web site and systems performance monitoring to subscribers over the Internet. C) \u8232 supplies online access over networks to storage devices and storage area network technology. D) \u8232 all of the above.  64) \u8232 Which of the following refers to the ability of a computer, product, or system to expand to serve a larger number of users without breaking down? \u8232 64) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Scalability \u8232 B) \u8232 Modifiability C) \u8232 Expandability \u8232 D) \u8232 Disintermediation  65) \u8232 A characteristic or quality describing an entity is called a(n): \u8232 65) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 tuple. \u8232 B) \u8232 field. \u8232 C) \u8232 attribute. \u8232 D) \u8232 key field.  66) \u8232 Duplicate data in multiple data files is: \u8232 66) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 data backups. \u8232 B) \u8232 data independence. C) \u8232 data redundancy. \u8232 D) \u8232 data multiplication.  67) \u8232 The logical view: \u8232 67) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 presents an entry screen to the user. B) \u8232 presents data as perceived by end users. C) \u8232 shows how data are organized and structured on the storage media. D) \u8232 allows the creation of supplementary reports.  68) \u8232 The type of logical database model that treats data as if they were stored in two
\f1 -
\f0 dimensional tables is the: \uc0\u8232 68) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 OODBMS. \u8232 B) \u8232 relational DBMS. C) \u8232 pre
\f1 -
\f0 digital DBMS. \uc0\u8232 D) \u8232 hierarchical DBMS.  69) \u8232 Microsoft SQL Server is a(n): \u8232 69) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 DBMS for small handheld computing devices. B) \u8232 DBMS for midrange computers. C) \u8232 desktop relational DBMS. D) \u8232 Internet DBMS.  70) \u8232 In a relational database, the three basic operations used to develop useful sets of data are: \u8232 70) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 select, from, and join. \u8232 B) \u8232 select, project, and where. C) \u8232 select, join, and where. \u8232 D) \u8232 select, project, and join.  71) \u8232 An automated or manual file that stores information about data elements and data characteristics such as usage, physical representation, ownership, authorization, and security is the: \u8232 71) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 data dictionary. \u8232 B) \u8232 entity
\f1 -
\f0 relationship diagram. C) \uc0\u8232 data definition diagram. \u8232 D) \u8232 relationship dictionary.  72) \u8232 Which of the following database types is useful for storing java applets as well as processing large numbers of transactions? \u8232 72) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Hierarchical DBMS \u8232 B) \u8232 OODBMS C) \u8232 Object
\f1 -
\f0 relational DBMS \uc0\u8232 D) \u8232 Relational DBMS  73) \u8232 The most prominent data manipulation language today is: \u8232 73) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 SQL. \u8232 B) \u8232 Crystal Reports. C) \u8232 Access. \u8232 D) \u8232 DB2.  74) \u8232 A schematic of the entire database that describes the relationships in a database is called a(n): \u8232 74) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 intersection relationship diagram. B) \u8232 data dictionary. C) \u8232 data definition diagram. D) \u8232 entity
\f1 -
\f0 relationship diagram.  75) \uc0\u8232 The process of streamlining data to minimize redundancy and awkward many
\f1 -
\f0 to
\f1 -
\f0 many relationships is called: \uc0\u8232 75) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 data scrubbing. \u8232 B) \u8232 normalization. C) \u8232 data cleansing. \u8232 D) \u8232 data defining.  76) \u8232 A data mart usually can be constructed more rapidly and at lower cost than a data warehouse because: \u8232 76) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 a data mart uses a Web interface. B) \u8232 all of the information belongs to a single company. C) \u8232 all the information is historical. D) \u8232 a data mart typically focuses on a single subject area or line of business.  77) \u8232 The special organizational function whose responsibilities include the technical and operational aspects of managing data, including physical database design and maintenance, is called: \u8232 77) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 information policy administration. B) \u8232 data administration. C) \u8232 data auditing. D) \u8232 database administration.  78) \u8232 Detecting and correcting data in a database or file that are incorrect, incomplete, improperly formatted, or redundant is called: \u8232 78) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 defragmentation. \u8232 B) \u8232 data optimization. C) \u8232 data scrubbing. \u8232 D) \u8232 data auditing.  79) \u8232 A device that acts as a connection point between computers and can filter and forward data to a specified destination is called a: \u8232 79) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 hub. \u8232 B) \u8232 switch. \u8232 C) \u8232 NIC. \u8232 D) \u8232 router.  80) \u8232 The Internet is based on the following three key technologies: \u8232 80) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 TCP/IP, HTML, HTTP. B) \u8232 client/server computing, packet switching, and HTTP. C) \u8232 client/server computing, packet switching, and the development of widely used communications standards for linking networks and computers. D) \u8232 TCP/IP, HTTP, and packet switching.  81) \u8232 Data is sent through the fiber
\f1 -
\f0 optic cable by a(n): \uc0\u8232 81) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 optical device. \u8232 B) \u8232 router. C) \u8232 laser device. \u8232 D) \u8232 multiplexer.  82) \u8232 Which type of signals follow a straight line and do not bend with the curve of the Earth? \u8232 82) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 fiber
\f1 -
\f0 optic \uc0\u8232 B) \u8232 satellite C) \u8232 microwave \u8232 D) \u8232 radio  83) \u8232 Bandwidth is: \u8232 83) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 the number of frequencies that can be broadcast through a medium. B) \u8232 the total number of bytes that can be sent through a medium per second. C) \u8232 the difference between the highest and lowest frequencies that can be accommodated on a single channel. D) \u8232 the number of cycles per second that can be sent through a medium.  84) \u8232 Which of the following services enables logging on to one computer system and working on another? \u8232 84) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Telnet \u8232 B) \u8232 World Wide Web C) \u8232 FTP \u8232 D) \u8232 LISTSERV  85) \u8232 Together, a protocol prefix, a domain name, a directory path, and a document name, are called a: \u8232 85) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 uniform resource locator. \u8232 B) \u8232 third
\f1 -
\f0 level domain. C) \uc0\u8232 root domain. \u8232 D) \u8232 domain name.  86) \u8232 What technology allows people to have content pulled from Web sites and fed automatically to their computers? \u8232 86) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Bluetooth \u8232 B) \u8232 LISTSERV C) \u8232 RSS \u8232 D) \u8232 FTP  87) \u8232 Which technology uses the Internet Protocol to deliver voice information in digital form using packet switching? \u8232 87) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 VPN B) \u8232 VoIP C) \u8232 TCP/IP D) \u8232 None, voice information is digitally delivered using ATM  88) \u8232 A VPN: \u8232 88) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 is an Internet
\f1 -
\f0 based service for delivering voice communications. B) \uc0\u8232 is more expensive than a dedicated network. C) \u8232 provides secure, encrypted communications using Telnet. D) \u8232 is an encrypted private network configured within the public Internet.  89) \u8232 In a RFID system, a(n) ________ is electronically programmed with information that can uniquely identify an item, such as an electronic code. \u8232 89) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 microchip \u8232 B) \u8232 reader C) \u8232 transponder \u8232 D) \u8232 antenna  90) \u8232 A suite of integrated software modules for finance and accounting, human resources, manufacturing and production, and sales and marketing that allows data to be used by multiple functions and business processes best describes: \u8232 90) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 process management software. B) \u8232 application software. C) \u8232 groupware. D) \u8232 ERP systems.  91) \u8232 In order to achieve maximum benefit from an enterprise software package, a business: \u8232 91) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 selects only the software that best matches its existing business processes. B) \u8232 uses only the processes in the software that match its own processes. C) \u8232 customizes the software to match all of its business processes. D) \u8232 changes the way it works to match the software's business processes.  92) \u8232 When tailoring a particular aspect of a system to the way a company does business, enterprise software can provide the company with: \u8232 92) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 data dictionaries. \u8232 B) \u8232 project workbooks. C) \u8232 configuration tables. \u8232 D) \u8232 state transition diagrams.  93) \u8232 A company's suppliers, supplier's suppliers, and the processes for managing relationships with them is: \u8232 93) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 the supplier's internal supply chain. B) \u8232 the external supply chain. C) \u8232 the downstream portion of the supply chain. D) \u8232 the upstream portion of the supply chain.  94) \u8232 A distortion of information about the demand for a product as it passes from one entity to the next across the supply chain is called: \u8232 94) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 exponential effect. \u8232 B) \u8232 replenishment effect. C) \u8232 bullwhip effect. \u8232 D) \u8232 ripple effect.  95) \u8232 Supply chain software can be classified as either: \u8232 95) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 supply chain planning systems or supply chain build systems. B) \u8232 supply chain planning systems or supply chain execution systems. C) \u8232 supply chain build systems or supply chain delivery systems. D) \u8232 supply chain source systems or supply chain recovery systems.  96) \u8232 Capabilities of supply chain planning systems would \ul not\ulnone  include: \uc0\u8232 96) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 replenishment. B) \u8232 order planning. C) \u8232 demand planning. D) \u8232 advanced scheduling and manufacturing planning.  97) \u8232 A supply chain driven by actual customer orders or purchases follows a: \u8232 97) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 build
\f1 -
\f0 to
\f1 -
\f0 stock model. B) \uc0\u8232 pull
\f1 -
\f0 based model. C) \uc0\u8232 push
\f1 -
\f0 based model. D) \uc0\u8232 replenishment
\f1 -
\f0 driven model.  98) \uc0\u8232 Which of the following enterprise software deals with employee issues such as setting objectives, employee performance management, performance
\f1 -
\f0 based compensation, and employee training? \uc0\u8232 98) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Supply chain management software B) \u8232 Customer relationship management software C) \u8232 Employee relationship management software D) \u8232 Enterprise systems software  99) \u8232 What are the three general business functions that CRM software serves? \u8232 99) \u8232 ______ A) \u8232 Sales, customer service, and marketing B) \u8232 ERM, PRM, and CRM C) \u8232 Sales and marketing, customer service, and human resources D) \u8232 Sales and marketing, human resources, and finance and accounting  100) \u8232 Which type of enterprise application or technique would help you best identify hidden buying patterns of your customers? \u8232 100) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Data mining using a CRM system B) \u8232 OLAP using a SCM system C) \u8232 Predictive analysis using a PRM system D) \u8232 None of the above  101) \u8232 Knowledge that resides in the minds of employees that has not been documented is called: \u8232 101) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 standard operating procedures. B) \u8232 organizational memory. C) \u8232 corporate culture. D) \u8232 tacit knowledge.  102) \u8232 Changing organizational behavior by sensing and responding to new experience and knowledge is called: \u8232 102) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 change management. \u8232 B) \u8232 organizational learning. C) \u8232 the knowledge value chain. \u8232 D) \u8232 knowledge networking.  103) \u8232 These systems digitize, index, and tag documents according to a coherent framework. \u8232 103) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Wikis \u8232 B) \u8232 CAD C) \u8232 LMS \u8232 D) \u8232 Document management  104) \u8232 Which of the following are major types of knowledge management systems? \u8232 104) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Enterprise
\f1 -
\f0 wide knowledge management systems, knowledge work systems, and intelligent techniques B) \uc0\u8232 Management information systems, decision support systems, and transaction processing systems C) \u8232 Database management systems, expert systems, and knowledge work systems D) \u8232 Enterprise systems, customer support systems, and supply chain management systems  105) \u8232 These
\b \up8  
\b0 \up0 are specialized systems built for engineers, scientists, and other knowledge workers charged with discovering and creating new knowledge for a company: \uc0\u8232 105) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 KWS. \u8232 B) \u8232 LMS. C) \u8232 CAD systems. \u8232 D) \u8232 Wikis.  106) \u8232 Knowledge that already exists inside a firm in the form of formal reports or presentations is categorized as: \u8232 106) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 structured knowledge. \u8232 B) \u8232 tacit knowledge. C) \u8232 semistructured knowledge. \u8232 D) \u8232 unstructured knowledge.  107) \u8232 Once a knowledge taxonomy is developed, documents are all ________ with the proper classification. \u8232 107) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 referenced \u8232 B) \u8232 tupled C) \u8232 tagged \u8232 D) \u8232 linked  108) \u8232 Which of the following is a collaboration tool used to support knowledge management systems? \u8232 108) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Wikis \u8232 B) \u8232 Social bookmarking C) \u8232 Blogs \u8232 D) \u8232 All of the above  109) \u8232 Which of the following would \ul not\ulnone  be classified as a knowledge work system? \uc0\u8232 109) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Case
\f1 -
\f0 based reasoning \uc0\u8232 B) \u8232 3D visualization C) \u8232 Investment workstations \u8232 D) \u8232 Computer
\f1 -
\f0 aided design  110) \uc0\u8232 Which of the following is a type of intelligent technique? \u8232 110) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 VRML \u8232 B) \u8232 Knowledge networks C) \u8232 Computer
\f1 -
\f0 aided design \uc0\u8232 D) \u8232 Case based reasoning  111) \u8232 Investment workstations: \u8232 111) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 provide engineers, designers, and factory managers with precise control over industrial design and manufacturing. B) \u8232 provide an important source of expertise for organizations. C) \u8232 are high
\f1 -
\f0 end PCs used in the financial sector to analyze trading situations instantaneously and facilitate portfolio management. D) \uc0\u8232 allow groups to work together on documents.  112) \u8232 Genetic algorithms: \u8232 112) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 are based on logic. B) \u8232 represent knowledge as groups of characteristics. C) \u8232 do not work for most problems. D) \u8232 develop solutions to particular problems using fitness, crossover, and mutation.  113) \u8232 Which of the following describes a difference between neural networks and genetic algorithms? \u8232 113) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Neural networks are programmed to "learn". B) \u8232 Genetic algorithms are designed to process large amounts of information. C) \u8232 Genetic algorithms are a type of knowledge discovery, while neural networks are an intelligent technique. D) \u8232 All of the above  114) \u8232 To automate routine tasks to help firms search for and filter information for use in electronic commerce and supply chain management a firm would most likely use: \u8232 114) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 intelligent agents. \u8232 B) \u8232 fuzzy logic systems. C) \u8232 virtual reality systems. \u8232 D) \u8232 CAD systems.  115) \u8232 Mintzberg's classification of managerial roles defines three main categories: \u8232 115) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 technical, interpersonal, and informational. B) \u8232 symbolic, decisional, and interpersonal. C) \u8232 symbolic, interpersonal, and technical. D) \u8232 interpersonal, informational, and decisional.  116) \u8232 Simon's description of decision making consists of four stages: \u8232 116) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 planning, financing, implementation, and maintenance. B) \u8232 intelligence, design, financing, and implementation. C) \u8232 planning, design, implementation, and maintenance. D) \u8232 intelligence, design, choice, and implementation.  117) \u8232 Which type of decision is most common at higher levels of management? \u8232 117) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Structured \u8232 B) \u8232 Undocumented C) \u8232 Semistructured \u8232 D) \u8232 Unstructured  118) \u8232 Which type of decision is more prevalent at lower organizational levels? \u8232 118) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Unstructured \u8232 B) \u8232 Procedural C) \u8232 Semistructured \u8232 D) \u8232 Structured  119) \u8232 Which phase of decision making finds or recognizes a problem, need, or opportunity? \u8232 119) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Intelligence \u8232 B) \u8232 Design C) \u8232 Implementation \u8232 D) \u8232 Choice  120) \u8232 The role of liaison falls into which of Mintzberg's managerial classifications? \u8232 120) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Symbolic \u8232 B) \u8232 Decisional C) \u8232 Interpersonal \u8232 D) \u8232 Informational  121) \u8232 The concern that data values of an information source fall within a defined range reflects which quality dimension of information? \u8232 121) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Validity \u8232 B) \u8232 Accuracy C) \u8232 Integrity \u8232 D) \u8232 Consistency  122) \u8232 The concern that the structure of data is consistent within an information source reflects which quality dimension of information? \u8232 122) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Accuracy \u8232 B) \u8232 Consistency C) \u8232 Integrity \u8232 D) \u8232 Validity  123) \u8232 MIS typically produce: \u8232 123) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 fixed, regularly scheduled reports based on data extracted from the organization's TPS. B) \u8232 solutions to semistructured problems appropriate for middle management decision making. C) \u8232 new ways of looking at data that emphasize change, flexibility, and rapid response. D) \u8232 assumptions, responses to ad hoc queries, and graphic representations of existing data.  124) \u8232 Which type of model asks what
\f1 -
\f0 if questions repeatedly to determine the impact on outcomes of changes in one or more factors? \uc0\u8232 124) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Optimization \u8232 B) \u8232 Forecasting C) \u8232 Statistical \u8232 D) \u8232 Sensitivity analysis  125) \u8232 Backward sensitivity analysis software is used for: \u8232 125) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 goal seeking. \u8232 B) \u8232 historical what
\f1 -
\f0 if analysis. C) \uc0\u8232 reverse forecasting. \u8232 D) \u8232 supply chain optimization.  126) \u8232 This information system uses data visualization technology to analyze and display data for planning and decision making in the form of digitized maps. \u8232 126) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 MIS \u8232 B) \u8232 TPS \u8232 C) \u8232 GIS \u8232 D) \u8232 DSS  127) \u8232 ESS: \u8232 127) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 easily integrate data from different systems. B) \u8232 are primarily driven by information derived from a company's transaction processing systems. C) \u8232 support the structured decision making of senior executives. D) \u8232 have the ability to drill down into lower levels of detail.  128) \u8232 Which of the following features of an ESS supplements traditional financial metrics with measurements from additional perspectives, such as customers, or learning and growth? \u8232 128) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Balanced scorecards \u8232 B) \u8232 Graphic visualization tools C) \u8232 Digital dashboard \u8232 D) \u8232 Drill
\f1 -
\f0 down capabilities  129) \uc0\u8232 Idea organizers in a GDSS: \u8232 129) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 facilitate the organized integration and synthesis of ideas generated during brainstorming. B) \u8232 aid the organizers in pre
\f1 -
\f0 meeting planning by identifying issues of concern. C) \uc0\u8232 document group agreement on definitions of words and terms central to the projects. D) \u8232 use structured approaches to evaluate the impact of an emerging proposal on the organization.  130) \u8232 A pivot table is a: \u8232 130) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 type of relational database. B) \u8232 spreadsheet tool that displays two or more dimensions of data in a convenient format. C) \u8232 tool for performing sensitivity analysis. D) \u8232 chart tool that can rotate columnar data quickly and visually.  131) \u8232 The role of entrepreneur falls into which of Mintzberg's managerial classifications? \u8232 131) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Symbolic \u8232 B) \u8232 Informational C) \u8232 Interpersonal \u8232 D) \u8232 Decisional  132) \u8232 Which of the following is used for knowledge discovery? \u8232 132) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Expert systems B) \u8232 Data mining C) \u8232 Transaction processing systems D) \u8232 Case
\f1 -
\f0 based reasoning  133) \uc0\u8232 A collection of internal and external knowledge in a single location for more efficient management and utilization by the organization is called a: \u8232 133) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 document database. B) \u8232 KWS. C) \u8232 document management system. D) \u8232 knowledge repository.  134) \u8232 Fuzzy logic is a type of: \u8232 134) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 intelligent technique. \u8232 B) \u8232 data mining. C) \u8232 neural network. \u8232 D) \u8232 business intelligence.  135) \u8232 A company's organizations and processes for distributing and delivering products to the final customers is: \u8232 135) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 the upstream portion of the supply chain. B) \u8232 the external supply chain. C) \u8232 the supplier's internal supply chain. D) \u8232 the downstream portion of the supply chain.  136) \u8232 This type of software enables data to be used by multiple functions and business processes for organization coordination and control: \u8232 136) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 collaboration software. \u8232 B) \u8232 application software. C) \u8232 enterprise software. \u8232 D) \u8232 groupware.  137) \u8232 The total amount of digital information that can be transmitted through any telecommunications medium is measured in: \u8232 137) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 gigaflops. \u8232 B) \u8232 baud. C) \u8232 hertz. \u8232 D) \u8232 bps.  138) \u8232 Digital subscriber lines: \u8232 138) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 have up to twenty
\f1 -
\f0 four 64
\f1 -
\f0 Kbps channels. B) \uc0\u8232 operate over existing telephone lines to carry voice, data, and video. C) \u8232 are very high
\f1 -
\f0 speed data lines typically leased from long
\f1 -
\f0 distance telephone companies. D) \uc0\u8232 operate over coaxial lines to deliver Internet access.  139) \u8232 What service converts IP addresses into more recognizable alphanumeric names? \u8232 139) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 FTP \u8232 B) \u8232 HTML \u8232 C) \u8232 DNS \u8232 D) \u8232 HTTP  140) \u8232 The most important communication standard today for linking disparate computers and networks is: \u8232 140) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol (TCP/IP). B) \u8232 File Transfer Protocol (FTP). C) \u8232 Open Systems Interconnection (OSI). D) \u8232 International Standards Organization (ISO).  141) \u8232 These signals are represented by a continuous waveform: \u8232 141) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 digital. \u8232 B) \u8232 laser. \u8232 C) \u8232 optical. \u8232 D) \u8232 analog.  142) \u8232 A LAN: \u8232 142) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 links all computers in a closed loop in a manner that passes data in one direction from one computer to another. B) \u8232 is a central switching system that handles a firm's voice and digital communications. C) \u8232 links all computers and other devices to a central host computer, through which all communications must pass. D) \u8232 connects computers and peripheral devices located close to each other, often in the same building.  143) \u8232 Which type of network would be most appropriate for a business that comprised three employees and a manager located in the same office space, whose primary need is to share documents? \u8232 143) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Peer
\f1 -
\f0 to
\f1 -
\f0 peer network B) \uc0\u8232 Domain
\f1 -
\f0 based LAN C) \uc0\u8232 Campus area network D) \u8232 Wireless network in infrastructure mode  144) \u8232 All network components connect to a single hub in a: \u8232 144) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 domain network. \u8232 B) \u8232 bus network. C) \u8232 star network. \u8232 D) \u8232 peer
\f1 -
\f0 to
\f1 -
\f0 peer network.  145) \uc0\u8232 A network that covers a large geographic area is most commonly referred to as a(n): \u8232 145) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 peer
\f1 -
\f0 to
\f1 -
\f0 peer. \uc0\u8232 B) \u8232 Intranet. C) \u8232 wide area network. \u8232 D) \u8232 local area network.  146) \u8232 Which device sends data packets to all connected devices in a network? \u8232 146) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Hub \u8232 B) \u8232 Network interface card C) \u8232 Router \u8232 D) \u8232 None of the above  147) \u8232 Tools for consolidating, analyzing, and providing access to vast amounts of data to help users make better business decisions are known as: \u8232 147) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 OLAP. \u8232 B) \u8232 data mining. C) \u8232 DSS. \u8232 D) \u8232 business intelligence.  148) \u8232 The tool that enables users to view the same data in different ways using multiple dimensions is: \u8232 148) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 data mining. \u8232 B) \u8232 OLAP. C) \u8232 predictive analysis. \u8232 D) \u8232 SQL.  149) \u8232 Data mining is a tool for allowing users to: \u8232 149) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 quickly compare transaction data gathered over many years. B) \u8232 obtain online answers to ad hoc questions in a rapid amount of time. C) \u8232 find hidden relationships in data. D) \u8232 summarize massive amounts of data into much smaller, traditional reports.  150) \u8232 In terms of data relationships, associations refers to: \u8232 150) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 undiscovered groupings. B) \u8232 events linked over time. C) \u8232 occurrences linked to a single event. D) \u8232 patterns that describe a group to which an item belongs.  151) \u8232 In what type of a database system is the central database replicated at all remote locations? \u8232 151) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Networked \u8232 B) \u8232 Partitioned C) \u8232 Distributed \u8232 D) \u8232 Normalized  152) \u8232 A data warehouse is composed of: \u8232 152) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 internal and external data sources. B) \u8232 current data. C) \u8232 historic and current internal data. D) \u8232 historical data from legacy systems.  153) \u8232 The select operation: \u8232 153) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 combines relational tables to provide the user with more information than is otherwise available. B) \u8232 creates a subset consisting of all records in the file that meet stated criteria. C) \u8232 creates a subset consisting of columns in a table. D) \u8232 identifies the table from which the columns will be selected.  154) \u8232 The join operation: \u8232 154) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 creates a subset consisting of columns in a table. B) \u8232 organizes elements into segments. C) \u8232 identifies the table from which the columns will be selected. D) \u8232 combines relational tables to provide the user with more information than is otherwise available.  155) \u8232 The project operation: \u8232 155) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 identifies the table from which the columns will be selected. B) \u8232 combines relational tables to provide the user with more information than is otherwise available. C) \u8232 organizes elements into segments. D) \u8232 creates a subset consisting of columns in a table.  156) \u8232 In a table for customers, the information about a single customer would reside in a single: \u8232 156) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 table. \u8232 B) \u8232 row. \u8232 C) \u8232 field. \u8232 D) \u8232 column.  157) \u8232 A field identified in a table as holding the unique identifier of the table's records is called the: \u8232 157) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 key field. \u8232 B) \u8232 unique ID. C) \u8232 primary field. \u8232 D) \u8232 primary key.  158) \u8232 When a firm purchases computing power from a central computing service and pays only for the amount of computing power it uses, this is commonly referred to as: \u8232 158) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 edge computing. \u8232 B) \u8232 grid computing. C) \u8232 autonomic computing. \u8232 D) \u8232 utility computing.  159) \u8232 The four major types of competitive strategy are: \u8232 159) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 new market entrants; substitute products and services; customers; and suppliers. B) \u8232 low
\f1 -
\f0 cost leadership; substitute products and services; customers; and suppliers. C) \uc0\u8232 low
\f1 -
\f0 cost leadership; product differentiation; focus on market niche; and customer and supplier intimacy. D) \uc0\u8232 low
\f1 -
\f0 cost leadership; new market entrants; product differentiation; and focus on market niche.  160) \uc0\u8232 What strategy to counter competitive forces does US Airways emphasize in the case study for this chapter? \u8232 160) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 Low
\f1 -
\f0 cost leadership \uc0\u8232 B) \u8232 Customer intimacy C) \u8232 Focus on market niche \u8232 D) \u8232 Product differentiation  161) \u8232 The interaction between information systems and organizations is: \u8232 161) \u8232 _____ A) \u8232 a complex, two
\f1 -
\f0 way relationship mediated by factors such as the environment and organizational structure. B) \uc0\u8232 successfully managed when the organization's existing culture and goals are seen as the driving force. C) \u8232 is driven by the microeconomic forces of capital and labor. D) \u8232 primarily guided by the decision making of middle
\f1 -
\f0  and senior
\f1 -
\f0 managers. \page  1) \uc0\u8232 A 2) \u8232 D 3) \u8232 A 4) \u8232 B 5) \u8232 D 6) \u8232 D 7) \u8232 C 8) \u8232 A 9) \u8232 C 10) \u8232 D 11) \u8232 B 12) \u8232 A 13) \u8232 A 14) \u8232 C 15) \u8232 A 16) \u8232 A 17) \u8232 A 18) \u8232 B 19) \u8232 D 20) \u8232 B 21) \u8232 A 22) \u8232 D 23) \u8232 C 24) \u8232 A 25) \u8232 C 26) \u8232 A 27) \u8232 C 28) \u8232 D 29) \u8232 C 30) \u8232 C 31) \u8232 C 32) \u8232 D 33) \u8232 D 34) \u8232 B 35) \u8232 A 36) \u8232 A 37) \u8232 A 38) \u8232 D 39) \u8232 C 40) \u8232 D 41) \u8232 B 42) \u8232 C 43) \u8232 B 44) \u8232 A 45) \u8232 C 46) \u8232 A 47) \u8232 A 48) \u8232 A 49) \u8232 B 50) \u8232 A 51) \u8232 A 52) \u8232 B 53) \u8232 A 54) \u8232 C 55) \u8232 C 56) \u8232 A 57) \u8232 C 58) \u8232 A 59) \u8232 A 60) \u8232 C 61) \u8232 C 62) \u8232 D 63) \u8232 A 64) \u8232 A 65) \u8232 C 66) \u8232 C 67) \u8232 B 68) \u8232 B 69) \u8232 B 70) \u8232 D 71) \u8232 A 72) \u8232 C 73) \u8232 A 74) \u8232 D 75) \u8232 B 76) \u8232 D 77) \u8232 D 78) \u8232 C 79) \u8232 B 80) \u8232 C 81) \u8232 C 82) \u8232 C 83) \u8232 C 84) \u8232 A 85) \u8232 A 86) \u8232 C 87) \u8232 B 88) \u8232 D 89) \u8232 C 90) \u8232 D 91) \u8232 D 92) \u8232 C 93) \u8232 D 94) \u8232 C 95) \u8232 B 96) \u8232 A 97) \u8232 B 98) \u8232 C 99) \u8232 A 100) \u8232 A 101) \u8232 D 102) \u8232 B 103) \u8232 D 104) \u8232 A 105) \u8232 A 106) \u8232 A 107) \u8232 C 108) \u8232 D 109) \u8232 A 110) \u8232 D 111) \u8232 C 112) \u8232 D 113) \u8232 A 114) \u8232 A 115) \u8232 D 116) \u8232 D 117) \u8232 D 118) \u8232 D 119) \u8232 A 120) \u8232 C 121) \u8232 A 122) \u8232 C 123) \u8232 A 124) \u8232 D 125) \u8232 A 126) \u8232 C 127) \u8232 D 128) \u8232 A 129) \u8232 A 130) \u8232 B 131) \u8232 D 132) \u8232 B 133) \u8232 D 134) \u8232 A 135) \u8232 D 136) \u8232 C 137) \u8232 D 138) \u8232 B 139) \u8232 C 140) \u8232 A 141) \u8232 D 142) \u8232 D 143) \u8232 A 144) \u8232 C 145) \u8232 C 146) \u8232 A 147) \u8232 D 148) \u8232 B 149) \u8232 C 150) \u8232 C 151) \u8232 C 152) \u8232 C 153) \u8232 B 154) \u8232 D 155) \u8232 D 156) \u8232 B 157) \u8232 D 158) \u8232 D 159) \u8232 C 160) \u8232 A 161) \u8232 A}