{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue115;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;
\red109\green109\blue109;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220

\f0\fs20 \cf0 TCO A: In your opinion, what are at least three factors that contribute to the difficulty of integrating systems for different organizational levels and functions within an organization? Support your answer.
\fs22 \
Organizational Structure is also a factor that contribute to the difficulty of integrating systems.  There are five which are entrepreneurial, machine bureaucracy, divisionalized bureaucracy, professional bureaucracy, adhocracy.  A good example is where the same patient record is maintained by admins, doctors and nurses in a hospital.\
One factor would be organizational politics. People who occupy different positions within an organization have different views on how resources should be allocated.  They also work and act to their best interest before the interest of the company.  The company's politics can influence relationships, processes and outcomes of the organization.  Moreover, political resistance to change is a struggle to overcome when it is brought upon the organization.\
Organizational Culture is defined as a set of assumptions about what produce and services should be provided by a company and how they should be produced. A good example would be when a new software or process is introduced to the company that requires employees to change the way they do work. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 2.Differentiate between the technical and behavioral definitions of an organization. Explain whether these definitions are complementary or contradictory.\'a0Discuss how these different views relate to information systems.\
\
\cf0 Technical Definition: 
\f1\fs28 \cb1 Organizations are formal legal entities with internal rules and procedures that must abide by laws. Organizations are also social structures because they are a collection of social elements.  They have input, process, and output.\

\f0\fs20 \cb3 \
\
Behavioral:  
\f1\fs28 \cb1  it is a collection of rights, privileges, obligations, and responsibilities that is delicately balanced over a period of time through conflict and conflict resolution.  People develop customary ways of working and gain attachments to existing relationships.  There is feelings involved in the work performed;\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs20 \cf0 \cb3 \
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 \
\
The technical and behavioral are complementary. 
\f1\fs28 \cb1 The technical definition tells us how thousands of firms in competitive markets combine capital, labor, and information technology, whereas the behavioral model takes us inside the individual firm to see how that technology affects the organization\'92s inner workings\

\f0\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 \
\
This relates to information systems because changing elements of an organization takes a long time and require resources to support training and leaning.  If a new system is placed, the organization has to go through changing the process, the rules as well as getting the people acceptance and buy-in as well as teaching managers and employees to use them.\
\
\
3. Compare the uses of e-mail and instant messaging. Will instant messaging replace email? Why or why not?
\fs22 \cf0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa220
\cf0 \
Email allows messages to be exchanged from computer to computer and allows messages to be sent to multiple people. You're messages or files are usually stored on a remote server an not on the clients computer.\
\
Instant messages is a chat service that allows participants to create their own private chat channels and communicate instantly.\
With the rise of use of instant messaging and advances made in it, clients are now able to send each other files and even start "conference" chats where multiple people can chat in the same  window and collaborate.  I believe instant messaging will slowly replace email as you can now send messages, files, media to each other faster and more security than email.  Chat clients also log your chat and keeps a history of it.  Many chat clients also have web interfaces where the same logs and files of your chats are still accessible if you allow the service to do so. One particular service is Trillian.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs20 \cf2 \cb3 4. 
\b0 TCO E: Identify and\'a0evaluate five or more of the current trends in contemporary software platforms.(Points : 33)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
\cf0 There are five major themes in contemporary software platforms\
\
Linux and open source software:  This software is usually produced by a community of developers. It is free and it can be modified by any developer.   Software can also be redistributed with our permission. PHP is a good example of open source.\
\
Java and Ajax: Java is an operating system independent, processor independent, object oriented language that is a lead choice for interactive  web applications. This means that Java will work on any Operating system, windows, linux or mac.  Ajax which is short of Asynchronus Javascript and xml is a web development technique which allows interaction of client and server without the need for refreshing the web page.  Google maps is a good example of ajax.\
\
Web services and service oriented architecture:  Web services refer to a set of loosely coupled software components that exchange information with each other using universal web communication standards and languages. XML is a good universal web service that allows interaction between applications. Service oriented architecture is a set of self-contained services that communicate with echoer to create a working software application.   The booking application of southwest airlines is a good example of SOA.\
\
\
Software mashups and Web 2.0 applications: mashups consist of a combination of different programs that result in offering a service or application.  Web 2.0 applications are usually a mashup of flash, with server side scripting and front end development.\
\
\
Software outsourcing: Software outsourcing is the mean of having your applications built outside of the company. This usually saves companies money and time. \
\
\
\cf2 5.TCO F:\'a0Evaluate the role and influence the user plays in software development. Provide three benefits associated with their involvement\
\
The Users information requirement drives the entire software development.  The user controls the design to ensure that the system reflects their business priorities and information needs and that the software is not bias to the developers.  Also the more the user is involved the better the understand and accept the system.\
\
Usually a users involvement allows for the software to be completed more rapidly that those developed through conventional ways.  The systems turns our the was the user wanted and needs it. User involvement also leads to higher satisfaction with the system.  \
\
\
\
\
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trwWidth15680\trftsWidth3 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth15560\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\b\fs24 \cf0 \cb1 6. 
\b0\fs20 TCO G:\'a0Assess at least three key technology trends that raise ethical issues. Give an example of an ethical or moral impact connected to each one.
\fs24  (Points : 33) \
\
Computing power double every 18 months - More organization depends on computer systems for critical operation\
\
Data storage costs rapidly declining - Organizations can easily maintain detailed databases on individuals.\
\
Data analysis advances - 
\f1\fs28 Companies can analyze vast quantities of data gathered on individuals to develop detailed profiles of individual behavior\
\
Networking advances and the Internet - Copying data from one location to another and accessing personal data from remote locations are much easier\
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720

\fs22 \cf0 \
}