{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 1. 
\f1\fs26 TCO C:
\b0  List at least three conditions that contribute to data redundancy and inconsistency.
\f0\fs24  (Points : 35)\
\
Data redundancy occurs when different groups in an organization independently collect the same piece of data an store it idenependentaly of each other.\
\
Data inconsistency happens where the same attribute may have different values. for example. a record might have a attribute of "updated_date" where it may be updated in one system but not others.   Also we might have the same attribute named differently. ex. "updated_date" may be in one system but "date_upated" may be in another system.\
\
Also we might have more confusion from using different coding system to represent values for an attribute. ex. the sales, inventory and manufacturing systems of a retailer might use different codes to represent an item.  one system may use alphabetical where another may be using numerical.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\b\fs20 \cf0 TCO D:
\b0  Briefly describe the three key technologies for contemporary digital networks and the Internet.\
\
TCP/IP - (Transmission Control Protocol/Internet Protocol) - Used to transmit data between computers over long distances.  TCP  handles the movement of data between computers, establishes a connection between the computers, sequences the transfer of packets and acknowledges the packets sent. IP is responsible for the delivery of packets and includes the dissembling and reassembling of packets during transmission.\
\
Packet Switching - method of slicing digital messages into parcels called packets, sending the packets along different communication paths as they become available, and then reassembling the packets once they arrive at their destination.\
\
Client/Server - model in which some of the processing power is located on client computers such as laptops.  The client is linked to another computer on a network by a network server computer .  The server sets the rules of the communication for the networ}