{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16860\viewh4960\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1)
\f1\b\fs32  
\f2\fs26 TCO A:
\b0  List and describe the four information systems serving each of the major functional areas of a business.
\f3\fs24 \

\f0 \
\
Transaction Processing System - A Transaction Processing system is computerized system that performs and records daily routine transactions necessary to conduct business such as sales oder entry, payroll, shipping.\
\
Management Information Systems - Provides middle middle managers with reports on the organization's current performance. This information is used to monitor and control the business and predict future performance\
\
Decision Support Systems - Supports non routine decision making for middle management. They focus on problems that are quint and rapidly changing, for which the process for arriving at a solution may not be fully defined in advance.\
\
Executive Support Systems - Allows senior management make decisions.  ESS address non routine decisions requiting judgement,evaluation, and insight because there is no agree-on procedure for arrive at a solution. ESS present graphs and data from many sources through an interface that is easy for senior managers to use such as Dashboards.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f2\b\fs26 \cf0 TCO B:
\b0  The text describes Michael Porter's view of the Internet as somewhat negative. What negative influences does Porter see? Describe several positive influences the Internet has on business. Do these outweigh the negative influences?
\f1\fs32  \
\
The book mentions that the internet has nearly destroyed some industries and has severely threatened more. 
\f3\fs28 For instance, the printed encyclopedia industry and the travel agency industry have been nearly decimated by the availability of substitutes over the Internet. Likewise, the Internet has had a significant impact on the retail, music, book, brokerage, and newspaper industries.  Because of the Internet, the traditional competitive forces are still at work, but competitive rivalry has become much more intense.\
the Internet also creates new opportunities for building brands and building very large and loyal customer bases that are willing to pay a premium for the brand, for example, Yahoo!, eBay, BlueNile\
\pard\pardeftab720

\f1\fs32 \cf0 Such impacts include substitute produces or services where it enables new substitutes to emerge with new approaches to meeting needs and performing functions.\
Customers' bargaining power -  Availability of global price and product information shifts bargaining power to customers.\
Suppliers' bargaining power -  Suppliers also have bargaining power over distributors and other intermediaries standing between them.\
Threat of new entrants -  The internet reduces barriers to entry, such as the need for a sales force and physical assets. It provides a technology for driving business process that makes over things easier to do.\

\f3\fs28 Positioning and rivalry among existing competitors - Widens geographic market and increasing the number of competitors and reducing differences which ultimately puts pressure amongst them to compete on the best price.\

\fs24 \
}